son
abductee
victim
orphan
recruit
soldier
Warren
our
hero
Savior
traitor
all these incredible words to describe
one heroic individual that we all know
and love john-117 or the Master Chief
Izzy the hero that we think he is or is
he a traitor for reasons unknown the
clock has finally hit zero at hunt the
truth tumblr com and we are presented a
audio log voiced over by Benjamin Gurode
a war journalist that is covering the
Master Chief Gerard is digging through
the Chiefs past and uncovering
disturbing facts that may show a darker
side that chief that we never knew is
cheap truly the person that we're
thinking he is or see someone completely
different when you're a war journalist
you see a lot of horrible stuff all the
stories I've done I've seen the absolute
worst of humanity but I've also gotten
to see the best six years ago I saw him
the greatest most mysterious hero of our
time up close in action I witnessed
firsthand what he did that day and it
changed everything for me anyone
listening to this knows exactly who I'm
talking about the guy who saved us saved
earth saved mankind Master Chief Petty
Officer spartan 117 whom we now know is
simply the Master Chief a few months ago
I was hired to do an in-depth profile on
the chief exclusive access the whole
thing since then I've gotten to talk to
a lot of people who claim they know the
real master chief the boy the soldier
the hero the traitor see I've always
known where story was going before it
started I'd known exactly the story I
wanted to tell for years the story all
of us wanted to hear glossy inspiring
the blockbuster hero biography that's
all this was supposed to be but the
truth isn't always that clean when I
pulled that first loose thread something
broke now everything is caving in and I
find myself stuck with all these ugly
questions questions I never intended
ask fabricated histories people who
aren't who they say they are cover-ups
of cover-ups that steady drumbeat of
theories that used to sound insane now
they don't seem so out there and these
disturbing rumors reports of anomalies
something big is happening in deep space
and I can't even corroborate a single
fact about one man's life it's clear to
me now I can't fix the pretty story but
maybe I can break the ugly one
for the first time in my career I can
honestly say i don't know the shape of
where this is going and in fact the the
possibilities have me lying awake at
night but I believe we all deserve to
know the real story we need to know
where this leads I know I do so I find
myself back at the beginning who is the
master chief where does he come from and
is he keeping us safe join me as I hunt
the truth about the Master Chief so
there you go guys that is our first
audio log by Benjamin jerod this is
going to be a weekly thing the next one
being on march 29th which is also the
same day we're getting our halo 5 live
action trailer it's also going to be
debuting on the season finale of The
Walking Dead which is oh I'm huge
Walking Dead fan so when I heard that
that just gave me more even more
initiative to watch it so I can't wait I
make absolutely excited The Walking Dead
will be starting 9 p.m. eastern time 8
o'clocks or 8 p.m. central time so
whatever time frame or time zone you're
in I just work it off that this sunday
so i can't wait I the halo hype is here
guys and I'm loving every second of it
so if you like this video give it a
thumbs up I will be doing more halo 5
content like this this was something new
I will be doing different things maybe
making trailers this little projects
here and there but i will be doing halo
5 news covering all the things that
you'll be caring about on all everywhere
social networks and all that stuff so if
you also want to talk halo 5 be sure to
follow me on Twitter I love interacting
with everybody I also love interacting
with comments so be sure to leave a
comment down below I'm enjoying reading
those and also be sure to subscribe if
you guys want to see more halo 5 content
on this channel which I'll be doing a
lot more of I know have been exactly the
most active person on my channel last
couple months but I will be doing more
probably promise you that so yeah if you
guys liked this video be sure to stick
around and until next time I'll catch
you later